5/4: (Start) Today's goal will be to figure out the more concrete details of our game.
(End) We looked into trying to install and Android Development IDE but found it to be impractical to install it at school because it would take forever. As such, we're going to download it at home and play around with it there. Tomorrow, we'll see how exactly we're going to use this IDE.

5/5: (Start) Since Kevin is absent (and since he's the only one with actual Android Development AND netwweorking experience), we're kinda lost. Today we're just gonna keep working on the game's plot and features and reconvene with Kevin on Monday.
(End) I promise we're not actually totally dependent on Kevin. Since we're just getting started, we really need Kevin to show us the basics. Today, we just discussed the possibility of basing the game off of Miitomo. Over the weekend, we're gonna download this app and play around with it and see how we can adopt this game and spice it up with the LoveHunterX theme.

5/8: (Start) Over the weekend,I set up Android Studio on my laptop and connected the IDE to Github. Today our main goal will be to get Shoheb and Mike onboard.
(End) Kevin gave us some exercise to mess around with how graphics are drawn on the screen. We'll be doing some work at home for the next two days because of APs. We still need to get Shoheb's IDE working though, but Kevin will take care of that at home.

5/9: Out for AP Java

5/10: Out for AP Calc BC

5/11: (Start) Because of APs, our team hasn't been able to get much done in terms of code these past few days. Today, our goal will be to reconvene and discuss what Kevin/Mike did over the last two days. 
(End) We now have a basic roadmap of how these weeks are going to play out and what everyone's roles will be. We also did a few more exercises,
finishing up the ones we started on 5/8.

5/12: (Start) Today we starting off by discussing how we'll be implementing network functionalities into our game.
(End) We now have a more concrete understanding of the main game. Over the weekend, we're going to get a better understanding of how the networking stuff is going to work out.

5/15: (Start) Kevin is going to teach us the basics of networking so that we can finally start coding.
(End) We get how networking works now and how we're going to use SQL in our project. Tomorrow we will code a log in for our game.

5/16: (Start) We will try to make a simple log in today!!!
(End) Well... we didn't make a log in screen BUT we did become more familiar with the libgdx library and discovered that it is very similar to the game engine we made in class! We'll do the login tonight.

5/17: (Start) Last night, we made a crude login screen. In doing so, we played around with libgdx components and discovered that we need skins. We spent an hour or so looking into how skins worked and getting some. Afterwards, we started looking into Netty, a Java library used for networking. 
(End) We've been discussing and will continue to diacuss Netty. Since Kev and Mike are out tomorrow for AP Calc AB, we'll continue to research and work at home.

5/18: Out for a coding interview

5/19: Out because 15 minute periods are useless. (Will work extensively on the project over the weekend)

5/22: (Start) Over the weekend, we did a whole bunch of cool stuff!! We got a server running on my laptop and hooked it up with a local mysql server. We got the app to communicate with the server, too. We even got the server to respond to requests made by the app! We're going to start off by touching base with everyone.
(End) We worked on making the log in screen prettier. We're going to finish this up tonight and try to hook up our app to Kevin's legit server.

5/23: (Start) Last night we got the server and database hooked up to Kevin's host and added some failsafes against connection problems. 
(End) We discovered a little issue with the host that Kevin is going to deal with tonight. We agreed on some goals. By Friday we will have a simple demo showing off character movement. We will start coding our own things by the weeked

5/24: Out for programming competition

5/25: Out for a coding interview

5/26: (Start) A lot of aesthetic work was done over the last couple of days so we're just going to go over how everything works.
(End) Mike and I spent the periods working on sprites and tables (similar to HTML5 tables; used for placing GUI components on the screen in an organized matter). Shoheb fiddled with the server and discovered some bugs that we're going to work out with Kevin tonight.

5/30: (Start) Over the weekend I made an inventory!!! Now I'm doing drag and drop!!!
(End) Pretty much finished drag and drop. Gonna hook it up to the database next.

5/31: (Start) We're going to fill out this survey first, then continue on yesterday's work.
(End) Kevin finished up movement and I finished up drag and drop. Mike is working on the customization screen. Kevin and I are going to work on doing furniture sync now.
